{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 NLP: Classifying tweets corresponding to real disasters or false alarms.
\fs40 \

\fs24 \

\f1\b0 In this project, we will build a language model to understand which tweets correspond to real disasters. The data comes from a Kaggle competition and includes over 7000 real tweets, many with associated keywords. \
The project is broken down as follows:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Basic word analysis: What is the frequency of keywords and locations? How often do these words and locations correspond to real disasters? I answer questions like these in the initial part.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Pre-processing the tweets: Using Regular Expressions and NLTK, I will tokenise, part-of-speech tag and then lemmatise the text.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Language model: I will create some basic language models and use these to analyse the tweets. I will possible add further models in the future.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
The project will be uploaded to Kaggle upon completion, but further models will be for personal interest. \
\
This is a non-commercial project to become more familiar with NLP.}